[Term Entry] Adding Pytorch Tensor arange (#5191)
Codecademy/docs: content/pytorch/concepts/tensors/terms/arange/arange.md

> ---
> Title: '.arange()'
> Description: 'Returns a 1-dimentional tensor with values from a specified range.'
> Subjects:
>   - 'AI'
>   - 'Data Science'
>   - 'Machine Learning'
> Tags:
>   - 'AI'
>   - 'Arrays'
>   - 'Data Structures'
>   - 'Deep Learning'
> CatalogContent:
>   - 'intro-to-py-torch-and-neural-networks'
>   - 'paths/computer-science'
>   - 'paths/data-science'
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: '.arange()'
Description: 'Returns a 1-dimentional tensor with values from a specified range.'
Subjects:
  - 'AI'
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Machine Learning'
Tags:
  - 'AI'
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'Data Structures'
  - 'Deep Learning'
CatalogContent:
  - 'intro-to-py-torch-and-neural-networks'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---
```

Reviewer: The catalog content should have 2 values

> The **`.arange()`** method returns a tensor created from a given interval `[start, end)`, with a specified `step` size. Note: when the step size is not an integer, there may be floating point rounding errors, and therefore it is recommended to subtract a small epsilon from the end for consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.arange()`** method returns a tensor containing values from a given interval `[start, end)` with a specified `step` size. When the step size is not an integer, floating-point rounding errors may occur, so it is recommended to subtract a small epsilon from the `end` value for consistency.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
torch.arange(start=0, end, step=1, out=None, dtype=None, layout=torch.strided, device=None, requires_grad=False)
```

The parameters are as follows:

> - `start`: The beginning of the range, inclusive, defaults to `0`.
> - `end`: The end of the range, exclusive. Required.
> - `step`: The step size between each tensor value. Default: `1`.
> - `out`: The output Tensor, defaults to `None`.
> - `dtype`: The datatype (`torch.dtype`) of the zeros, defaults to `None`.
> - `layout`: The layout (`torch.layout`) of the output tensor, defaults to `torch.strided`.
> - `device`: The device (`torch.device`) of the output tensor, defaults to `None`.
> - `requires_grad`: A boolean indicating whether autograd will record operations on the output tensor, defaults to `False`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `start`: The starting value of the range, inclusive. Defaults to `0`.
- `end`: The ending value of the range, exclusive. This parameter is required.
- `step`: The difference between each consecutive value in the range. Default value is `1`.
- `out`: A tensor in which to store the output. If `None`, a new tensor is created. Default value is `None`.
- `dtype`: The desired data type of the output tensor (`torch.dtype`). If `None`, the data type will be inferred from other input arguments. Default value is `None`.
- `layout`: The desired layout of the output tensor. Default: `torch.strided`.
- `device`: The device on which the tensor will be allocated (`torch.device`). Default: `None`.
- requires_grad: A boolean indicating whether autograd should track operations on the output tensor. Default: `False`.
```
